Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#13)
airplanedev/python-sdk: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Bump the version number in `pyproject.toml` and `airplane/__init__.py`
2. Merge your changes to `main`

> 3. Run the following off of `main` to build and publish to PyPI using your PyPI account (if necessary, request for access to the airplane PyPI group first from @joshma):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the following off of `main` to build and publish to PyPI using your PyPI account (if necessary, request for access to the airplanesdk PyPI project first from an existing owner):
```
